# Description

This folder contains the django application.

# Files

## manage.py

Standard python file generated by django.

## psql_upload_commands.txt

This text file contains instructions for uploading data to the models.

## requirements.txt

This file contains all the python libraries for the django application to run correctly.

# Folders

Below you will find a short description of each folder and what it contains.

## ./api/

This folder contains code which handles the API of the django application.
It controls access to the other models present in the application, each respective model has their own view in the *./api/views/* folder.
Django Rest Framework is used for the API.

## ./dashboard/

This folder holds routing for the dashboard. It can be further expanded with material relevant to the operation of the dashboard.

## ./geo_map/

This folder represents the geo_map app, it holds the models and additional files relevant to the geographical representation of tweets on the website.

## ./MP_django_dev/

This folder is a django generated folder which contains vital files to operation.
Two of the most important found in this folder:

*settings.py* - This file contains settings for the entire django application.

*urls.py* - This file handles root url routing.

## ./static/

This folder contains the static files required for the website.

## ./timeline/

This folder holds the model and serializer that is relevant to the timeline.
The timeline model is also responsible for temporal filtering of tweet_id's.